I1724 ibm style guide (#1221)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/assembly_configuring-workspace-exposure-strategies.adoc

The workspace exposure strategy is configured per {prod-short} server, using the `che.infra.kubernetes.server_strategy` configuration property or the `pass:[CHE_INFRA_KUBERNETES_SERVER__STRATEGY]` environment variable.

The supported values for `che.infra.kubernetes.server_strategy` are:

> * multi-host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `multi-host`
```

> * single-host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `single-host`
```

> * default-host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `default-host`
```

> In case of the multi-host strategy, you must set the che.infra.kubernetes.ingress.domain (or the `CHE_INFRA_KUBERNETES_INGRESS_DOMAIN` environment variable) configuration property to the domain name that will host workspace component subdomains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the multi-host strategy, set the che.infra.kubernetes.ingress.domain (or the `CHE_INFRA_KUBERNETES_INGRESS_DOMAIN` environment variable) configuration property to the domain name that will host workspace component subdomains.
```
